first test is the belt sander that we
have here in the seam shop we're gonna
see that's gonna take out this blunt
finish you're going to take both of the
Rings and I'm going to put them on this
threaded rod here just run them through
like this and then we're going to turn
on the belt sander and I'm just gonna
set them down on this and let them run
on it for a little bit
mmm-hmm what we go looking at the - you
can see this one is the titanium UK and
this one here is the titanium jewellery
both of them are a little scratched up
now but you can see that there's a good
solid line of a scratch that goes all
the way all the way around on the
titanium Kay you want try to do a little
more on the sander
really hard to get them to stay right on
actually I'm actually really surprised
the difference I mean the titanium
titanium jewelry's did get a little bit
of a scratch but it's so far outweighed
by by Titanic titanium case this is just
you can use like you said you can't feel
it we are we are in the basement we have
a circus all ready to go right and we do
yes
dropping each of I should I should be
interviewed where are you dropping these
two rings Andy on a search result right
yes what's gonna happen here is I'm
going to be running this circus off and
I'm just going to drop the ring down on
to the blade while it's spinning so
which were you learn with first I'll
start with the titanium Kay
wow it really flew big it went all the
way over there it is I found it here it
is I think so yeah it says it a little
cut what's good really you can see that
chunk that's the show right here uh-huh
Wow and then you go around you can see
we also got a really good scrape right
over here so it definitely took a little
damage from the circ saw didn't fly but
got a good little did not go soaring
like the other one did you can see that
okay little scratch going right across
it you can see this one has a big hunk
that where the blade is actually dug in
and ripped out a little bit well it's
just or grazed across here these
titanium rings have seen some real
torture just wait till you see what we
do in part two of the titanium challenge